it was a elk and storm on yeah that
smells like Oh
krusty-krab
what's your underwear clean the
renderware chase your underwear you
really haven't got any better where have
you son just go out there and kill him
we can for a special news bulletin
that's all for now
boy that's the most diabolical krabby
patty ever spawned hey hurry up with
that patty I'm afraid we're gonna have
to arrest the two of you
ah
baby makey makey makey makey makey
mother mother mother mother mother
mother mother mother Mack Mack Mack Mack
Mack Mack
clean the flowers chase your underwear
no one and I mean no one can ever know
about this it'll be the end of you it'll
be
and worst of all well buckle up and
we'll drive real smooth like
there you guys got you zombies I'll take
it from here
oh boy I'd like a krabby patty